- :red:`Important:` The next minor release will drop support for MongoDB
  Server version 4.2 and raise the minimum supported version to 4.4.
  This change aligns with the :website:`MongoDB Software Lifecycle Schedules
  <legal/support-policy/lifecycles>`.
  
  We recommend making changes to your application to accommodate breaking changes.
  To learn more about upgrading your server version, see the :manual:`Release Notes </release-notes/>`
  section in the MongoDB Server manual.

- Adds Scala 3 support.

- Adds auto-embedding support as part of vector search APIs.

- Adds Micrometer/OpenTelemetry tracing support to the reactive-streams
  driver, and includes general Micrometer support improvements.

- Adds stack-safe async loop support with trampoline pattern to prevent
  stack overflow errors.

- Improves client-side timeout handling to better account for round-trip
  time (RTT) variations, along with various small timeout-related improvements.

- Reuses ``ConnectionSource`` to avoid extra server selection.

- Restores the optimized codec path for ``RawBsonDocument`` encoding,
  fixing a performance regression.

- Releases the connection between empty ``getMore`` responses in
  ``AsyncCommandCursor``, preventing connection pool exhaustion when idle
  change streams reach ``maxPoolSize``.

- The encryption client now uses ``writeConcern`` majority.

- Handles unexpected end-of-stream errors from KMS.

- Fixes ``JsonBsonEncoder`` parsing of ``JsonPrimitive`` numbers, where
  scientifically formatted numbers were parsed as plain Ints or Longs.

- Simplifies ``ServerMonitor`` thread names and removes the ``=`` character,
  which some monitoring systems cannot process.

- Fixes Kotlin BSON decoding of optionals.

- Upgrades ``libmongocrypt`` to 1.17.3.

- Uses ``ZstdInputStreamNoFinalizer`` for Zstandard decompression.

- Updates Netty to the latest version.

- Updates Snappy for the latest security fixes.

- Updates JUnit 5 to the latest version.

- Aligns the log level to warning when removing a server from the cluster.
